Add the `osu!mania 4K World Cup 2024: Round of 16 Recap` news post (#12096)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-09-04-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-round-of-16.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 4K World Cup 2024: Round of 16 Recap"
date: 2024-09-04 21:00:00 +0000
---

> The best moments of MWC4K's Round of 16 have been packaged, and delivered straight to your front page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best moments of MWC4K's Round of 16 have been packaged and delivered straight to your front page.
```

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_4K/img/mwc4k2024-banner.jpg)

> Don't be fooled by the fact that the tournament is still in its early stages, things have already started to get heated, with many exciting matches and moments that are worthwhile of taking a look back and witnessing once more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't be fooled by the fact that the tournament is still in its early stages — things have already started to get heated with many exciting matches and moments to remember.
```

## Mappool showcase

<style>
    .osu-md--news .audio-player {
        max-width: inherit;
    }
</style>

[**Download the pool here! (111 MB)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P258)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2233735176&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> The mappool size has increased for this week by introducing two new slots — chordjack ([RC3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238657#mania/4757017)) and hybrid 3 ([HB3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238644#mania/4756987)). Chordjack is straightforward in the same sense as jumpstream, but challenges a completely different skill set which players are absurdly good at, which can lead to a single 200 causing a team to lose a point they would've won otherwise. You can be sure to look forward to some extremely high scores for this pick in future rounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mappool size has increased for this week by introducing two new slots: chordjack ([RC3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238657#mania/4757017)) and hybrid 3 ([HB3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238644#mania/4756987)). Chordjack is straightforward in the same sense as jumpstream, but challenges a completely different skill set which players are absurdly good at, which can lead to a single 200 causing a team to lose a point they would've won otherwise. You can be sure to look forward to some extremely high scores for this pick in future rounds.
```

> The mappool size has increased for this week by introducing two new slots — chordjack ([RC3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238657#mania/4757017)) and hybrid 3 ([HB3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238644#mania/4756987)). Chordjack is straightforward in the same sense as jumpstream, but challenges a completely different skill set which players are absurdly good at, which can lead to a single 200 causing a team to lose a point they would've won otherwise. You can be sure to look forward to some extremely high scores for this pick in future rounds.

Reviewer 2: imo feels more appropriate to capitalize slot names, thoughts?
```suggestion
The mappool size has increased for this week by introducing two new slots — Chordjack ([RC3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238657#mania/4757017)) and Hybrid 3 ([HB3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238644#mania/4756987)). Chordjack is straightforward in the same sense as jumpstream, but challenges a completely different skill set which players are absurdly good at, which can lead to a single 200 causing a team to lose a point they would've won otherwise. You can be sure to look forward to some extremely high scores for this pick in future rounds.
```

Author: https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/12096/commits/6340f0dbe1bd20209e54c017a5a78bf914ec8296

> On the other hand, hybrid 3 is the last slot for the category, with it typically being much more technical and harder than the other two, leading it to pose more of a raw skill over accuracy approach for players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, hybrid 3 is the last slot for the category, with it typically being much more technical and harder than the other two, demanding more raw skill than accuracy from players.
```

> On the other hand, hybrid 3 is the last slot for the category, with it typically being much more technical and harder than the other two, leading it to pose more of a raw skill over accuracy approach for players.

Reviewer 2: continuation of my last comment
```suggestion
On the other hand, Hybrid 3 is the last slot for the category, with it typically being much more technical and harder than the other two, leading it to pose more of a raw skill over accuracy approach for players.
```

Author: https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/12096/commits/6340f0dbe1bd20209e54c017a5a78bf914ec8296

> New slots aside, the increase in difficulty is very noticeable, with good examples being [RC6](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238283#mania/4755965) and [LN1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238606#mania/4756867). [RC6](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238283#mania/4755965) came as a big surprise, due to how it has already gained notoriety in the past for containing patterns that can catch anyone off-guard (such as longjacks), or bursts within 260BPM streams. [LN1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238606#mania/4756867) is also notable for the significant step up from Round of 32, which went from tricky releases, to now having denser streams with said releases in the mix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New slots aside, the increase in difficulty is very noticeable, with good examples being [RC6](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238283#mania/4755965) and [LN1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238606#mania/4756867). [RC6](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238283#mania/4755965) came as a big surprise, due to how it has already gained notoriety in the past for containing patterns that can catch anyone off guard (such as longjacks), or bursts within 260 BPM streams. [LN1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238606#mania/4756867) is also notable for the significant step up from the Round of 32, mixing in denser streams to the already tricky releases from the previous round.
```

> With that said and done, this round also brought us one new osu! original and featured artist!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that said and done, this round also brought us one new [osu! original](/wiki/osu!_originals) and [Featured Artist](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-08-25-new-featured-artist-supa7onyz)!
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-09-04-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-round-of-16/les_cadences_magiques.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238686#mania/4757070)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/435/Songs/Supa7onyz%20feat.%205-let%20-%20Les%20Cadences%20Magiques.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

[Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811) brings us MWC4K's very first SV original! The amount of people who wanted one has grown from last year, and we can finally present you with [Les Cadences Magiques](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238686#mania/4757071), brought to you by our newest Featured Artist and fellow mania player, [Supa7onyz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5378805)!

> You may find yourself learning this quite fast, but the real challenge lies within how deceptively tricky it is to get good accuracy on, as the amount of polyrhythms and 1/5 snaps have a large play into the charts gimmick. Click the banner to give it a go for yourself!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may find yourself learning this quite fast, but the real challenge lies within how deceptively tricky it is to get good accuracy on this chart, as the amount of polyrhythms and 1/5 snaps have a large play into the main gimmick. Click the banner to give it a go for yourself!
```

| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **New Zealand** ::{ flag=NZ }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=IT }:: Italy |
| **Vietnam** ::{ flag=VN }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=RU }:: Russian Federation |
| Netherlands ::{ flag=NL }:: | 2 | **6** | ::{ flag=AU }:: **Australia** |
| Romania ::{ flag=RO }:: | -1 | **0** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **Indonesia** |
| Finland ::{ flag=FI }:: | 3 | **6** | ::{ flag=SE }:: **Sweden** |
| United Kingdom ::{ flag=GB }:: | 5 | **6** | ::{ flag=SG }:: **Singapore** |
| China ::{ flag=CN }:: | 4 | **6** | ::{ flag=MY }:: **Malaysia** |
| **Argentina** ::{ flag=AR }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=PL }:: Poland |
| **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=CA }:: Canada |
| **Philippines** ::{ flag=PH }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=TW }:: Taiwan |
| **Thailand** ::{ flag=TH }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=HK }:: Hong Kong |
| Czechia ::{ flag=CZ }:: | 1 | **6** | ::{ flag=FR }:: **France** |
| Ukraine ::{ flag=UA }:: | -1 | **0** | ::{ flag=ES }:: **Spain** |
| Peru ::{ flag=PE }:: | 3 | **6** | ::{ flag=MX }:: **Mexico** |
| **Chile** ::{ flag=CL }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=BR }:: Brazil |

> *Matches won by default are presented with scores -1 and 0.*

Reviewer: i think this is slightly more descriptive

```suggestion
*Forfeits are notated with a score of -1, with the opponent winning by default.*
```

## Match highlights

### ::{ flag=SG }:: Singapore vs. ::{ flag=GB }:: United Kingdom

[**You can view the match information here!**](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115309466)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2238887961&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> Last week Poland pulled an insane fight against Singapore despite the seed placements, with Singapore barely snatching victory from the jaws of defeat with the match ending at 5–3. This time however, it was not looking too good for Singapore from the get-go, as they were up against one of the top seeds, the United Kingdom. The two teams met up on the World Cup stage, with the United Kingdom having an advantage in the RC picks, and Singapore having an advantage in the LN picks. This match would turn into something else that the viewers would never forget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last week Poland pulled an insane fight against Singapore despite the seed placements, with Singapore barely snatching victory from the jaws of defeat with the match ending at 5–3. This time however, it was not looking too good for Singapore from the get-go, as they were up against one of the top seeds, the United Kingdom. The two teams met up on the World Cup stage, with the United Kingdom having an advantage in the RC picks, and Singapore having an advantage in the LN picks. This match would turn into something that the viewers would never forget.
```

- [aespa - Supernova (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238661#mania/4757025) (RC5) @ [47:15](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238887961?t=00h47m15s) - The United Kingdom wanted to pick something they knew they could beat Singapore in, so they picked RC5, a vocal dump map with jacks and streams sprinkled in there to mess up the players. However, United Kingdom might have underestimated Singapore, as Singapore ended up taking the first break point of the match, making the score 3–4.

> - [Taishi - Introduction (Bygone) (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238644#mania/4756987) (HB3) @ [1:02:47](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238887961?t=01h02m47s) - The score is now 4–5, with the United Kingdom on the edge of defeat. Singapore chose HB3, a map with mainly LN sections with small rice pattern sections. Unbeknownst to them, the United Kingdom were also strong in hybrid maps, and that in combination with amazing 991k scores from ::{ flag=GB }::[XxNewson1234xX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9895650) and ::{ flag=GB }::[Eliminate](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9169747) ended up costing them their match point. The bells were ringing… the viewers up out of their seats… it was time for the tiebreaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Taishi - Introduction (Bygone) (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238644#mania/4756987) (HB3) @ [1:02:47](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238887961?t=01h02m47s) - The score is now 4–5, with the United Kingdom on the edge of defeat. Singapore chose HB3, a map with mainly LN sections with small rice pattern sections. Unbeknownst to them, the United Kingdom were also strong in hybrid maps, and that in combination with amazing 991k scores from ::{ flag=GB }::[XxNewson1234xX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9895650) and ::{ flag=GB }::[Eliminate](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9169747) ended up costing them their match point. The bells were ringing... the viewers up out of their seats... it was time for the tiebreaker.
```

> - [Camellia - Antineutrino Witchcraft](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238682#mania/4757059) (TB) @ [1:07:27](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238887961?t=01h07m27s) - This was it, whoever wins this wins the entire match. The map began, many combos broke left and right with the scores being so close to each other. However, someone's combo never broke… and that person was ::{ flag=SG }::[TheOPmeme](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15763622), with them carrying their team to victory getting an FC on the tiebreaker with an incredible 988k score. With that, Singapore had done the impossible and had defeated the United Kingdom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Camellia - Antineutrino Witchcraft](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238682#mania/4757059) (TB) @ [1:07:27](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238887961?t=01h07m27s) - This was it — whoever wins this wins the entire match. The map began and many combos broke left and right while the scoreline teetered frantically back and forth. However, someone's combo never broke… and that person was ::{ flag=SG }:: [TheOPmeme](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15763622), carrying their team to victory with an incredible 988k FC on the tiebreaker. With that, Singapore had done the impossible and defeated the United Kingdom.
```

> This match was something else other than a regular match, this was a legendary showdown. Both teams played amazing with Singapore managing to cause an upset, and sending the United Kingdom to the losers bracket. In the quarterfinals, Singapore will have to face their toughest match-up yet going up against the #3 seed, Thailand. As for the United Kingdom, they will be going up against the #17 seed, Australia, in an attempt to keep their position in the tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was not a regular match — this was a legendary showdown. Both teams played amazingly with Singapore managing to cause an upset and sending the United Kingdom to the losers' bracket. In the Quarterfinals, Singapore will have to face their toughest match-up yet, going up against the #3 seed, Thailand. As for the United Kingdom, they will be going up against the #17 seed, Australia, in an attempt to keep their position in the tournament.
```

### ::{ flag=CN }:: China vs. ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia

[**You can view the match information here!**](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115310225)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2238945469&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> China and Malaysia are quite familiar with each other, they've provided many classic matches before, and by coincidence they met again this time. China has gathered a strong team in the mid-game and try to keep good consistency on every map, while Malaysia is well known as the early game being their skill set, especially for LN maps. As expected, this match was a show.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
China and Malaysia are quite familiar with each other. They've provided many classic matches before, and by coincidence they met again this time. China has gathered a strong team in the mid-game and try to keep good consistency on every map, while Malaysia is well known as the early game being their skill set, especially for LN maps. As expected, this match was a show.
```

> - [Reizoko Cj - /a/](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238283#mania/4755965) (RC6) @ [35:18](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238945469?t=00h35m18s) - This map is quite technical and risky, with roll patterns and long jack combinations making it hard for even the top players to keep good accuracy. China picked this map since they were favoured in the rice category, however that backfired when they lost some accuracy in the roll parts, meanwhile the Malaysians had 3 players with no 200s, which netted them their first break point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Reizoko Cj - /a/](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238283#mania/4755965) (RC6) @ [35:18](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238945469?t=00h35m18s) - This map is quite technical and risky, with roll patterns and long jack combinations making it hard for even the top players to keep good accuracy. China picked this map since they were favoured in the rice category, however that backfired when they lost some accuracy in the roll parts. Meanwhile, the Malaysians had 3 players with no 200s, which netted them their first break point.
```

> - [Taishi - Introduction (Bygone) (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238644#mania/4756987) (HB3) @ [50:43](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238945469?t=00h50m43s) - Facing the 4–4 situation with the last pick, Malaysia choose HB3, which contains hard technical and coordination parts that make it extremely difficult to keep accuracy and consistency. China arranged a good consistency line-up, and they ended up with a triple FC totalling 2,968k points, but Malaysia did their best and got a crazy team score totalling 2,975k points. With this, Malaysia secured themselves a match point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Taishi - Introduction (Bygone) (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238644#mania/4756987) (HB3) @ [50:43](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238945469?t=00h50m43s) - Facing the 4–4 situation with the last pick, Malaysia chose HB3, which contains hard technical and coordination parts that make it extremely difficult to keep accuracy and consistency. China arranged a good consistency line-up, and they ended up with a triple FC totalling 2,968k points, but Malaysia did their best and got a crazy team score totalling 2,975k points. With this, Malaysia secured themselves a match point.
```

> - [Falcom Sound Team jdk - Spiral of Erebos](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1605529#mania/3279920) (RC2) @ [56:01](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238945469?t=00h56m01s) - The last pick from China is RC2, ::{ flag=CN }:: [DawnX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8534840) got an insane score of 998,935, but Malaysia players did better overall, and they kept close to China's score. There was nearly no gap between both teams from start to end, but Malaysia players didn't give China any chances, winning by only 745 points with a triple score v1 SS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Falcom Sound Team jdk - Spiral of Erebos](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1605529#mania/3279920) (RC2) @ [56:01](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2238945469?t=00h56m01s) - The last pick from China is RC2, where ::{ flag=CN }:: [DawnX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8534840) got an insane score of 998,935, but Malaysia players did better overall, and they kept close to China's score. There was nearly no gap between both teams from start to end, but Malaysia players didn't give China any chances, winning by only 745 points with a triple Score V1 SS.
```

> Both teams performed quite well, and there were many maps where all 6 players FC'd. Most Chinese players kept insane consistency in most maps, while Malaysian players showed their developed accuracy and consistency skill sets which netted them wins on some maps that they considered a high risk. In the next round Malaysia need to face the strong United States, and China need to prepare a potential double match with Indonesia and the winner of Argentina and Canada.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both teams performed quite well, and there were many maps where all 6 players FC'd. Most Chinese players kept insane consistency in most maps, while Malaysian players showed their developed accuracy and consistency skill sets which netted them wins on some maps that they considered a high risk. In the next round Malaysia will need to face the strong United States, and China will need to prepare a potential double match with Indonesia and the winner of Argentina vs. Canada.
```

## Score highlights

Players are beginning to pick up some steam as new rounds go by. To say we have had some standouts would be far from the truth — in fact we've got plenty of them! Not all heroes wear capes; some just want to smash keys.

- ::{ flag=US }:: [Nepijin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11734610)'s performance thus far has been exceptional. Having the best score on **5 picks** this round makes it really hard to pick one to highlight. But their performance in [NU-KO - Pochiko no Shiawase na Nichijou](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238649#mania/4757002) (LN2) with a 998,545 score [against Canada](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2239366528) shouldn't be overlooked!

> - In a tournament full of prodigies, it is hard to make oneself stand out amongst them. And yet, that's exactly what ::{ flag=TH }:: [konkawe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15665805) has accomplished, with their astonishing score of 997,947 in [Reizoko Cj - /a/](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238283#mania/4755965) in their [match vs. Hong Kong](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2239818596).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a tournament full of prodigies, it is hard to make oneself stand out. And yet, that's exactly what ::{ flag=TH }:: [konkawe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15665805) has accomplished, with their astonishing score of 997,947 in [Reizoko Cj - /a/](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238283#mania/4755965) in their [match vs. Hong Kong](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2239818596).
```

We've really only just begun, however. What matters most is who's left standing at the end of the weeks to come.

---

Quarterfinals are up next, and with the way these matches have already been playing out, you don't want to miss that!

> As always, check out the match schedule (and all other minute MWC4K details) on the [official wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_4K), and once you've selected the matches you can't afford to miss, come watch it live with the community on the [osu!live Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive).

Reviewer: might be fun to include an off-hand mention

```suggestion
As always, check out the match schedule (and all other minute MWC 4K details) on the [official wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_4K). Did you know there's also a [Liquipedia page](https://liquipedia.net/osu/Osumania_4K_World_Cup/2024)?

Either way, once you've selected the matches you can't afford to miss, come watch it live with the community on the [osu!live Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive).
```
